====================================================
	"Sewers" 
	by PapasNewBag (papasnewbag@planethalflife.com)
====================================================


----Objectives----------------------------------------------------------

RECRUITMENT - There are 6 scientists in this map. Kidnap an enemy
scientist by hitting them with the briefcase. Take them back to the
administrator, and he/she will start working for your company instead.
(5 points)

SABOTAGE - Each base has a Computer room containing 4 computer consoles
that link to the corporate mainframe. Destroying these will cause the
scientists of that corporation to be unable to research as efficiently
and make them lose some progress on their current project. (1 point per
console)

There is also a pump machine in the main bridge area of each base. This
can be destroyed in order to flood the area for one minute. (2 points)

The company's cloning machines can be found in the back of their base
near the storage room. A grate must be broke in order to get access to
it, and an alarm will sound if any unauthorized person enters the area.
Destroying it will add $600 to the owning company's cloning cost and
about 5 seconds to their cloning time. (3 points)

RESOURCES - The abandoned building on the surface is a drop-off point
for some less-than-legal operations. Intercept the cash and use it to
feed your company's efforts instead. (2 points)

----Tips----------------------------------------------------------------

There is an underwater entrance from nearby the silo that surfaces in
the storage room. This can be blocked off temporarily at either side by
thick doors with the buttons found on either end.

Another entrance can be found from the central tunnel area after pumping
out the water in the middle room. To do this hit the controls on the
middle of the far wall.

The surface provides an excellent way to surprise your opponent from
above.

----Credits-------------------------------------------------------------

Custom textures - Magic and Airmoran
Thanks to BehroozWolf for saving this map from never being finished